Do we have the assignment posted? I'm not able to
find.
Yeah, it's there in LMS.
Where?
Uh... So they have... So,
generally we will see this, uh, assignment, eh, in Due.
Your Assignment is Due column will be there, right, in
dashboard.
No, I'm in the assig- oh, okay. I see.
The first thing is
to
open the
PDF
file and then
upload it. The second thing
is
to
write a new document in the same way as you did before, but this time we will be
writing in a different
I need to open the PDF file and
then
upload it. Then I can just type everything into the Google Sheet
and
then
upload it. If I
have
done so,
how
would
I do it? Sir, once we finish with the
same way we typed everything down below,
mark it down in Google Sheets and then upload it.
How should we do it? Once we finished
the same way we marked everything down below, we mark it down in Google Sheets and then upload it. Or how should we do it?
Assignment three.
Correct, that is there but normally it will be a program that we write a
Python program we write and we upload an IPYNB
file. So here how should we do it? Do we upload a
document or how do we do it?
Sir for assignment two what you have done sir I just I was missed with the sorry
for that.
For that also we just wrote a program in IPYNB we
uploaded.
Yes sir and if you have any additional material just you upload
along with that one you upload that also I mean if you are done scanning of that
your written form something is there.
Okay.
Additional PDF is there then you can add that there's multiple files provision is
this.
Okay sure thank you.
Just for your additional resource to be added from your side you can do
this.
So assignment we have to program writing Python.
Correct yes correct. Thank you sir.
Yeah.
And
also
just to clarify these two assignments question number one and question
number two we need to have it
in the Python program right but this or we need to have an
algorithm
only.
Sir both you can do sir.
Okay
so normally Python code is required sir addition to that if you can add the
algorithm that will be good. Understood okay thank you so
much.
Yes sir.
Is there even already?
Yeah ma'am. So
I joined a little late maybe you might have covered so just please
clarify.
See the first question I think we just have to submit the
document right we were talking about a PDF
defining the
variables domains and constraints right
okay for question number two I see that
the Sudoku is not proper in the PDF
the diagram is coming little awkward I am unable to
understand how it is.
Just one minute sir
or others also is there same or I'm just clarifying yes
sir same for us and also can you please upload in PDF format sir
no no yeah it is same just download it and put
dot that PDF at the last it will open actually
okay no I think I uploaded PDF only
yeah the
extension is missing that's why it is not
okay oh is it yes I downloaded and put at the
last dot PDF then it start working
yeah
even I download it but it's not showing properly so just
give me two minutes I'll recheck
maybe if you can put it in a GPG file and then save it as a PDF then
it yeah I will do just two minutes give me two minutes no problem
thank you
... you will put in the last .pdf, it will
open.
My file is in PDF only. When I download it, it's opening
in PDF.
Okay.
So you are able to see content? No?
No, I'm able to see but it's coming as dot two, dash, then
double dot, next line-
Oh, yeah.
Okay. ... double dot. Yeah.
That is the thing, that is the thing here.
Just in the filename, in the last put .pdf, then it will
show. The content-
Sir, what their question is, no, no, they got the, uh, visibility of the
question. Only thing is, uh, sir, if I'm not wrong, uh, Rifa
sir is asking about dot two's column, like, dot, dot.
Yes, sir. Grid.
Ha, ha, ha. That, and that question format is like that only, sir.
Uh, if you see the below content, I mean, it may be our application
then.
Yeah, yeah. It is in that format only.
So it is-
Rifa sir, if .pdf is opening, sir, that mean you can read the content,
right? Consider the following partial four cross four
Sudoku.
Uh, yeah.
Please tell me
Let me share my... I'll share my screen, um.
So are you able to see my screen?
Yeah, yeah. It's visible, sir.
Yeah, yeah. It's coming like this.
It's correct only, I think, yes.
Just let me verify once. Let me open my-
So how... I mean, uh, we are supposed to get
a four by four, um, column, right? I mean, a
four by four table. In that, you might have filled out two, one, three, three, and
all. How, how we can interpret
this?
Hmm. Yeah, that is not right.
Let me see in my assignment.
No, this is same only sheet, sir, actually.
Just, uh,
shall I ask sir once because this content is
given?
Yeah. If you can put a JPG, uh, file somewhere
here.
Yeah, this, this is same only. Uh, there is, uh, uh, same testing here.
Yeah. Yeah. Got it.
So, do we need to fill the blanks, actually?
Problem is that we have to write the program
in, in this, uh, Sudoku.
Uh, four into four Sudoku. With whatever dot is
there, we need to write a program to fill that so that no word
is, uh, no numbers is repeated again.
That is my
understanding.
That's what given, like, uh, Rifa sir, on that one, given in the
next description. It maybe... there is no
any, I mean, corrections, if I'm not wrong.
Like, uh, each row... Rules are given, "Each row must contain digits
one to four exactly once. Each column must contain digits one to
four exactly once. Each two cross two subgrid
must contain digits one to four."
Uh, that has to fill by the programmatic way, I, I feel.
Yeah, logically-
Actually- ... I can understand but, um, if it would have been given in a pictorial
way, then it would have been much better.
See, I, I can understand the, the, um, the
first row and, uh, second column is number two.
So in, in that rest of the row, we, wherever we have dots,
we have to fill.
The same goes with the second row, third row, and the fourth
row.
Anil sir, uh, quick question. Should this be done in
Python on Google Colab or, uh,
handwritten?
You can do it in, uh, Python. No
problem.
Okay, sir.
You said it, yeah.
Thank
you.
Then you can use the Colab,
yeah,
no issue.
Okay, sir.
Yeah.
Sir,
give me one minute. Rifa sir, I will get you back, sir.
Just one
minute.
So does this work for us? I mean,
professor.
Um, ye- yes, sir.
Uh, hello?
Hi. Yeah, you are audible size.
Yeah, yeah.
Is it just a change that... I mean to row, column?
Yeah, you put it in the chat. Um, yeah.
Yeah, this looks better. Yes.
We can consider this answer, sir. No problem.
Yeah, man. See, understood. Uh, so when, um, uh,
Raagashar have, uh, explained it, we understood it, but if it would have been in
this situation-
Yeah. (laughs)
... at the beginning it would have much...
So people who are not attending this session, um, definitely-
(laughs) No, I understand that, but, uh, uh, that, I directly taken
from them and I convert video and put it there so it was- (laughs)
Hmm.
... image clearance was required. I understood that. Sure.
Uh,
thank you.
Thank you.
Since
everyone is here, um, I mean, few people are here, uh, just want to check with
everyone. Did anyone got, uh, any email, uh, from the
institute, um, talking about the remote access to Indian Institute of, uh,
Technology, Darward, e-resources and all?
Yes, yesterday in the evening, brilliant.
Uh, and are you able to access it?
Yeah. Yeah.
Most of the things are paid only, it seems.
So if you try to download the PDF, right, it will say it's a paid content, you
cannot.
Okay. I mean, uh, see what are we supposed to do with it?
I mean, if, um,
if we have this, then, um, in what way it will
help?
I think it's... The journals, right, which we were not able to get through normal
internet, uh, these things are available here, but, uh, whatever is...
whatever seems useful, I clicked on those things, and it says your
institution does not have subscription to this.
Oh,
okay.
So the, the only intention is to get the research papers. That's it.
Nothing else.
I think so. I may be
wrong.
Anil, sir, uh, I've sent a message to you in the chat
box. Uh, can you check with sir and get that clarification regarding
that?
This one, class notes you're mentioning.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, sir.
Which one? Today's assignment you are asking, what is the class notes for?
Mm-hmm. No, sir. For the whole semester, sir asked us to submit our
class notes at the end, so I just wanted confirmation on that.
For whole semester they asking, ah?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, just I will ask the sir.
Okay.
I will acknowledge it
to
you, student.
... here, sir.
Vrinda,
that I sent a message to sir, actually.
Mm.
Uh, regarding that, uh, class notes. Sir said either is fine.
So whether it will be typed or handwritten you mentioned,
no?
Mm, yes, sir.
Sir said that either is fine. He said that.
O, okay sir. Thank you, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Bye.
Hi,
this is Girish. I have one
question.
So the solution,
it is asking for two programs, right?
We have to zip it and upload it in the submission or how is
it?
Sir, you have the
virtual machine.
Sir, you have provision to upload separately two files multiple or you can zip it.
Both are valid, sir. No problem.
Hello. Okay.
So currently almost a solution is ready.
We are allowed to submit it now.
Yes, sir. You can submit it and no problem, sir. Can you?
That's present. Time limit is given just in
common everyone like one week on that,
sir. As per the
requirement risk given, sir. You can submit it anytime, sir.
Okay. Okay.
Anil Sir, sorry I just joined because I was occupied
somewhere.
Yes, please share this.
Share me the assignment what was there.
It's there in LMS, sir. Assignment 3 is named.
The detail is also there, sir. Kindly go through that.
Okay, sure. Thank you so much.
Yeah.
So another last question. Along with that
programs do we need to explain that
program in some other file or something like that?
It's not required sir
description or explanation is I mean there is no separate requirement for that
okay understood okay
sir
(silence)
So then, mine is done. Can I drop off, sir?
Oh, yes, yes. You can drop off, sir. No problem.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah.
Hello, Anil, sir?
(computer keys clack) Hello?
Hi, sir.
Sir, do we have assignment three?
Yeah, you have assignment three, sir.
But I cannot s- uh ... (sniffs)
??? It, it is there in the LMS.
Oh. Just a minute. Let me ask.
Would, uh, based on... Okay, just a
second.
(sniffs)
Yes. Assignment two, assignment
three.
Yes, sir, I have received it. Thanks.
Yes, sir. Yes,
sir.Hello,
sir. Anil, sir?
Excuse me.
Hello?